Ok, trying to respond to these various messages here. I appreciate you giving thoughts to me on stuff. 

I can't go into granular specifics, I no longer have dms with any folks from the compiling group, and I didn't log dms that would help in this case. So believe me or not. What I am saying here is true.

The two specific lies are that I manipulated water and strange and that I was incorrect about tester chat being unproductive. The other stuff is valid. I bothered water too much. I had feelings about the game (a mistake) and expressed them in immature ways.

Arguing with lorian was a mistake. It was often provoked by clear engagement or rage bait. I have admitted that before. But no actions were taking with some staff themselves engaging in arguments directly with him, AFTER telling me not to (another thing strangifier felt comfortable telling me in dms). But yes, I do agree that I should have just chilled out and let it slide past. 

I was rude towards mlhy, because I heavily disliked how the community leaned towards unhealthy amounts of grind/playtime. That was a mistake. It went too far.
Also, what you just typed now, man. I had problems with the community which I made clear. I did not HATE it. Please stop framing things in this way. This is what I mean about "ascribing positions that I did not say or imply." It doesn't help me take your points more seriously.

I did not create my own server for any nefarious purposes. Please, this really makes you sound crazy. 

My eyes are wide open. I realize what I did wrong. How much more clear can I make it? I've calmed down, and thought about the entirety of my actions more thoroughly, over a few weeks, stewing in the back of my mind. Am I not allowed to bring up specific instances where I believe things were exaggerated or lied about me? I believe I absolutely should be.

I do not care how many people "side with me." I have not been trying to persuade people to "side with me." I sent people that I thought were chill, an invite to my server. Is that wrong? Is everything I do now some kind of malicious action?

I fully acknowledge the opinions and problems people had with me. I do not have the time to sit and read fully through one hundred twenty five pages of compiled messages. I know what I sent, and what I said. Glitch and hiyo, btw, can back me up on tester chat being unproductive a lot of the time, due to stuff like, I dunno, spamming the "poopy" bot. And many other incidents. That is simply a fact and I refuse to let folks lie about it.)

I do not believe I was FULLY innocent. I never said that. I believed a permaban was unjustified, and anticipated a game ban to some extent. Which to be honest, it sucks. And really? does this group in particular, who compiled the document, *really* not want me gone like an evil spirit? The end of that document CERTAINLY reads like it. That to me reads like pure hatred. Excerpts like "If you know what is good for you, you'd be happier being a lesser kind of person," especially, just makes me want to drop everything, give up any effort of trying to redeem myself, and leave permanently, which I don't want to do. I like the game. I fully admit I mistreated others. 

I did not *hate* them. I did not intend, nor do I *believe*, that I manipulated people into positions that they themselves did not agree with. I had things I disliked and was too vocal about, things I should have kept in my head. I let trading and the game influence my feelings, an avoidable misstep.

I am making effort to change. I have been more calm, here in this server, with time and space to think. I have taken more care of myself and my stress in real life, which was a contributing factor to my lashing out sometimes.

With being permabanned, a huge effort compiled to keep it that way, the first series of posts, and now this doc, how am I supposed to believe that anything I say, any apology I make, will even be taken seriously? From everything I saw there, there's a high chance this and my other posts just get clowned on in the server with "bro cried over chicken" or more of that fucking nonsense. 

Even got laughed at for "hiding" the statement on ztt and changing the name - that 2nd part a joke. (also the tab title thing got stuck lol, genuine bug. In reality, what happened was markz reaching out and letting me know that it sounded aggressive, which in hindsight it was a little bit, but I was a ticked off about those lies at the time. So I decided to remove it after some time. I still stand by what I said there though. 

I hope what I say here, and my genuine attempts to let people know what is true and what is not about what I did, will be at least taken seriously. Sorry this is so long. I know I probably won't be able to return to the community, and I accept it. The messages I have posted in this server about this situation have mostly been related to the two incidents described which I believe are untrue, and used as a greater framing of me, which I believe is inaccurate. That's what I want made clear. 

I apologize for what I did, to all the parties involved. Mlhy, Water, Strange, Geo, and so on. I acted like a fool. I know. I couldn't master my emotions and let them override logic. I got genuinely fed up with people often copying my posts ad nauseam, and other small things that in hindsight, kinda just didn't matter. End of the day it's just a game and I got too into it, like a doofus. If people end up reading this, if you (the reader specifically) have been negatively affected by my immaturity and needling, I'm sorry. 